we're at the dig site we're just
finishing up and Susan comes up and she
opens her hand she's got two pieces of
bone only about this big and and I says
is there more of it she said there's a
lot more I believe that the tail is
going that way and the skull is going
this way but we're just gonna have to
dig it up and see
I looked at it I looked at him I said is
that t-rex he said yes and I think it's
all here I'm absolutely certain this is
going to be the best thing we ever found
and it's going to be a complete t-rex in
your life to you don't hope to find
something that good but we did it's a
good American tail unfortunately it had
a bad ending for a couple real brilliant
paleontologist we started a long time
ago naming dinosaurs the name sue for
Susan Hendrickson goes down in history
we were riding on top of the world we
had everything going for us less than a
week after that all hell broke loose we
were met by two FBI agents if a search
warrant to take soo and all records
belonging to sue but they took
everything they went through all of our
offices all of our desks unconscionable
I can't imagine somebody being able to
do this here in the United States of
America in a free country
people were so emotionally involved
there was a dream that the town hand it
was our dinosaur who was our lives that
had been torn to pieces
Morris Williams never intended to sell
that fossil Morris Williams knew exactly
what I was doing people said had we
known you were on his ranch we would
have warned here it was us against the
United States government of course
they're not gonna like what we're doing
that's the nature of what we do the guys
were called conspirators who were
creating this scheme to steal things and
sell them illegally
when you make the most fantastic
discovery a lot of people want a piece
of